# Owl Portal 2.0
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3 and uses **Angular 8.x Core**. Documentation for this project can be found on the private wiki on this repo.

## Authentication
This application uses **Google OAuth via Firebase** for authentication. User profiles are stored separately from the Auth profile generated by Firebase.

## NPM Scripts
A host of NPM scripts are available for building and serving the application.
- `serve` Spins up the Angular CLI hosting server on port 4200
- `build:stg` Builds the application for Staging
- `build:prod` Builds the application with the Production flag set
- `slim:pkg` NPM uninstall all non-essential packages for reverting to basic state.

## File structure
File structure for the application follows the Angular CLI best practices. This allows vanilla cli commands to work and register correctly within the application.

**File Tree**
```
src
- app
--- +featurename1
----- +feature1Component
----- models
----- services
--- core
----- layoutBlankComponent
----- layoutOneComponent
----- layoutTwoComponent
----- layoutLeftNavComponent
----- layoutTopNavComponent
--- Routing Files
--- App Module
```

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng g directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Workflow
Updates to this project should be done in the following order.

1. Cut a branch from the latest changes in `master` named in camelCase format
2. Build and test the feature locally.
3. Open a PR on github to `stg` branch with a description of the changes
4. PR features deployed to Staging App once code review is complete
5. Feature verification done by client, once approved Staging is deployed to Production

## Deployment
Deployment is performed with Firebase CLI tools. Reference the CLI documentation for more details.

#### Build
Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build. *Alternately, the npm script `build` can be used instead.*

#### Deploy Hosting
Run `firebase deploy --only hosting` to push all files in the dist folder. Don't forget to build the project first!

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
